Ho, ho, we're okay here.
You have finally found a good advisor.
One from the five Bo their wives cried for help with.
You have the chief.
Ye have a good heart.
I would need to speak once again.
What about the older king?
From his great mother participare oscillation over the place
bunu
these many times
My respond to your kind words,
to me who is not reliable to you.
I have the favor of one last hand in my caring for you.
Yohominoge is right!
Write in the edict
I am the one who will take care of you.
As you say, I will do my best to help you.
I will do my best to help you.
I am the one who will take care of you.
This is the thought of the title of his fortune.
A Gregorian story.
It is a seule of man to show great efforts.
However, he may be a Living Cinnamon case.
He may be the Haha Cave.
He was a general of Z そうthat with his own rep permis.
That's how he was, he had said,
Do you think so?
NO, I didn't say a word to시
I was a general, but had changed my words.
I had changed my words.
And serenads of gold inexpensively
In a
Duraite
so that the shadows spread over the entire ground!